{"HEADLINE": " Bloody Tribal Clashes Leave 'Hundreds Dead, Many Wounded' in East Darfur", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130812e98c00003", "STORY": "541 words 12 August 2013 01:01 All Africa AFNWS English Ed Daein, Aug 12, 2013 (Radio Dabanga/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- Violent clashes that erupted between the Riezegat and Ma'alia tribes in East Darfur on Saturday and Sunday have reportedly left \"hundreds dead and many wounded\" on both sides. Tensions between the tribes began to rise when Ma'alia members allegedly stole several cattle belonging to the Riezegat, and when a Ma'alia merchant, Hashin Houmeida, nicknamed Al Libi, was allegedly killed by Riezegat tribesmen. These events prompted a high-level security delegation, as well as Sudanese army troops, to be despatched to state capital Ed Daein on Thursday. The combat zones included Kilikil Abu Salam on Saturday, spreading to Al Muhalgarat, Dar Es Salam, Al Sahab, Mijelid and Angabo by Sunday. Witnesses have been reporting to Radio Dabanga that \"loud explosions and small arms fire could be heard from Saturday afternoon until Sunday evening, with columns of smoke rising from the combat zones. Speaking to Radio Dabanga, the field commander of the Ma'alia tribe, Mohamed Ibrahim Adam confirmed that clashes broke out between the tribes on Saturday afternoon, and continued on Sunday morning in Al Muhalgarat and Dar Es Salaam. Adam said that his tribe has suffered 11 dead and 15 wounded, with the proviso that \"the battles are ongoing and so is the inventory of the dead and wounded\". Governor: East Darfur Governor Abdul Hamid Musa Kasha told Radio Dabanga that 50 Riezegat tribesmen have been killed and 82 wounded, but also underscored that these are \"provisional casualty figures as the battles are ongoing\". Governor Kasha laid the blame for the clashes with \"rebels\" who, according to the governor, \"have assisted Riezegat tribesmen against the Agarba branch of the Ma'alia tribe\". The governor confirmed the arrival in of a high-level security delegation. He also said that \"a substantial military force with equipment has been despatched to the state on Sunday. Significant components of this force will be deployed to the combat zones to separate the warring tribes,\" he said. JEM: The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) strongly refuted the governor's claims of rebel involvement, saying that the movement \"has no troops in the area\". Speaking to Radio Dabanga, JEM spokesman Jibril Adam Bilal insisted that \"the JEM is not a party to the fighting in the area,\" placing responsibility on the governor of East Darfur. \"The clashes were initiated by Riezegat members of the border guards,\" Bilal asserted. Injured: Medical sources have reported to Radio Dabanga that the hospitals of Ed Daein and Adilla have received more than 100 wounded by Sunday - 30 of them are reportedly in serious condition. The sources say the most serious cases have been transferred to hospitals in El Fasher and Nyala, capitals of North and South Darfur because the Ed Daein and Adilla hospitals lack the capacity. Witnesses on the ground say that the situation in all the cities and rural villages of East Darfur is tense. The population are reportedly living in a state of intense fear. Shops and government offices are closed and streets are empty, and vehicle traffic between East Darfur and its neighbour states has ground to a halt.  ", "AGENCY": "SDN"}