{"HEADLINE": " Fleeing Robbers Kill Eight in Enugu", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130823e98n000l3", "STORY": "by Christopher Isiguzo    425 words 23 August 2013 06:39 All Africa AFNWS English Aug 23, 2013 (This Day/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- At least eight persons were reportedly killed Thursday at Abakpa Nike, a suburb of the Enugu metropolis as gunmen stormed a local market in the area shooting sporadically and killing people in the process. The police however claimed that only two persons were killed while five others sustained gunshot wounds. THISDAY checks revealed that the incident, which happened around 5 pm at Ogwuagor Market, popularly known as Ahia 4, sent jitters down the spines of residents of the area as most of them were said to have deserted the place for fear of another robbery attack. According to eyewitnesses, the robbers stormed the market in a commando-like style and shot at the traders. One of the eyewitnesses who claimed to have escaped death by a whisker, lamented that his colleague died during the attack. \"I was discussing with my neighbour, a cobbler, when suddenly we heard gunshots. I quickly ran into my shop and after the gunshots had stopped, I came out and saw my friend lying lifeless in the pool of his blood. \"Apart from him, I also counted two other dead bodies within our axis, a young lady and a married woman. Other persons were also killed in different axis of the market,\" he said. Another eyewitness also disclosed that a woman who was driving to the market was shot inside her vehicle. The police however put the number of the dead at two and the injured at five. A statement made available to journalists by the spokesman of the Enugu State Command, Ebere Amaraizu, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), said four suspects had been arrested in connection with the incident. According to Amaraizu, \"The arrested persons are Peter Nwankwo, Udeh Chimezie, Osita Onyia and one Chief Frank Eze. \"The bodies of one Sunday Eze and Nebechi Mba reported dead have been deposited at the mortuary of the Orthopaedic Hospital Enugu, while the injured, namely Uwadiegwu Onyegwu, Anayo Ifeji, Ani Basil, Hycienth Ugwu and Ozioma Ezekwem are also receiving treatment in a nearby hospital. \"Investigations into the incident have commenced in full scale to ascertain the root cause and those arrested are now helping the police in their investigation. \"The state Commissioner of Police Abubakar Adamu Mohammed has urged members of the public to be law-abiding and to go about their lawful businesses as security has been beefed up in the area to forestall further breakdown of law and order.\"  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}