{"HEADLINE": " Gunmen Kill 16 in Kaduna, Plateau", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130903e993000of", "STORY": "by John Shiklam and Seriki Adinoyi    605 words 3 September 2013 07:34 All Africa AFNWS English Sep 03, 2013 (This Day/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- About 10 people were feared killed by gunmen in an attack on Addu village, Attakar Chiefdom, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State, while six others were also killed in fresh attacks on some communities in Plateau State. Following the attack, the Plateau State Government has described the attack as evil and wicked. However, it was gathered that the gunmen, who attacked Addu village were said to be about 20, when they raided the village in the early hours of Monday, shooting sporadically on the villagers. Two members of a family were said to be among the 10 people killed, during the attack, and which was the third of its kind on the Attakar chiefdom, since the beginning of the year. Several people, mostly women and children were said to have sustained varying degrees of injuries, during the attack and were rushed to the General Hospital in Kafanchan for treatment. The bandits were also reported to have destroyed farmlands and properties worth several millions of naira belonging to the villagers. An eyewitness said the gunmen allegedly invaded the village through the hilly and thick forest surrounding the village, before unleashing the mayhem on the people. The spokesman of the state police command, Aminu Lawan, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), confirmed the incident, but said some suspects had been arrested and were being interrogated in connection with the incident. The incident occurred barely two weeks after an armed gang launched an attack on the Divisional Police station in Kajuru, headquarters of Kajuru local government area of the state, killing three police officers and injuring two others. Meanwhile, Plateau State Commissioner for Information and Communication, Mr. Abraham Yiljap, while condemning the attack in a statement, said: \"It was a display of cowardice by the perpetrators, who under the cover of darkness deliberately chose to visit violence on vulnerable members of society - women and children to achieve clearly devilish designs.\" It added that the state received the report of the \"unprovoked killing of six members of two families in their homes in Kungte village, Kanadap in Kuru District of Jos South local government area by gunmen with great indignation.\" According to him, \"such an attack, coming at a time when the state has been mostly peaceful for quite sometime now appears to be a desperate attempt to reverse the gains of our hard-earned efforts in breaking down the barriers of ethnic and religious intolerance and thereby rebuilding the bridges of communal consensus. The government assured the people of the state that such intentions would fail \"because Plateau people have made up their minds to live in peace with one another, and together with the state government and security agencies, they will frustrate every attempt aimed at taking the state back to the days of bloodshed and gloom. The current level of peace in the state is for consolidation, not evaporation.\" While sharing in the pains of the victims and their families, the state government declared that those behind the killings will face justice in the long run, and called on communities to remain at alert always and work closely with security agencies in the sustenance of peace. There was an earlier attack a few days ago in which five persons, including a pregnant woman was killed. The state government, however, said the attack was a robbery attack, while also stating that security agencies have intensified their cordon and search operations towards enforcing their constitutional responsibility of maintaining law and order in the state.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}