{"HEADLINE": " 20 Killed in Attacks On Borno Villages", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130906e996000rc", "STORY": "by Michael Olugbode    347 words 6 September 2013 08:32 All Africa AFNWS English Sep 06, 2013 (This Day/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- About 20 persons were reportedly killed in two separate attacks by the outlawed Boko Haram sect in the last two days in Borno State. It was gathered that the insurgents on Wednesday morning attacked a police station and the council secretariat at Gajiram in Nganzi Local Government Area of the state. About 24 hours later, the sect also attacked another Borno village of Bulabilin Ngaura in Konduga Local Government Area. In the attack on Gajiram, it was gathered that the sect members allegedly stormed the town at about 10am and attacked the police station and the council secretariat. They also killed 15 persons at the local market and inflicted injuries on several others. Residents of the town, who were seen in Maiduguri Thursday, told journalists that when the assailants came into the town, they held it almost hostage until about 2pm. It was also gathered that the hoodlums beat up many residents of the town and killed those that they felt did not deserve their mercy. The fleeing residents said some of the villagers who ran into the bush were yet to return to their homes as at Thursday. In yesterday's attack on Bulabilin Ngaura, a resident of the area, who came to Maiduguri, Babagoni Bahir, said: \"Five persons were killed when insurgents attacked the town around 10a.m. yesterday.\" Details of the attack remained sketchy as at the time of going to press, but five persons were said to have been killed. It was equally gathered that the state Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Kaka Shehu Lawan, was sent to Gajiram by the state Governor, Alhaji Kashim Shettima, who was away to Abuja, to commiserate with the residents over the attacks. When the spokesman of the Joint Task Force (JTF), Lt Col Sagir Musa, was contacted on the incident yesterday, he said he would confirm and get back to journalists, which he never did as at the time of filing the report.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}