{"HEADLINE": " Boko Haram Kills At Least 60 People in Fresh Borno Attacks", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130813e98d00116", "STORY": "by Ola' Audu    368 words 13 August 2013 09:45 All Africa AFNWS English Aug 13, 2013 (Premium Times/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- About 60 people have been reported killed in separate attacks in Konduga and Ngom villages of Borno State by suspected members of the Boko Haram terrorist group. Some suspected members of the Boko Haram, dressed in military uniform, crept upon worshipping villagers in a mosque in Konduga, 34km southeast of Maiduguri, and shot dead at least 44 worshippers, injuring 26 others, sources said. A House of Assembly member representing Konduga in the State Assembly, Ali Dalori, confirmed the attack to journalists, but declined giving details of the casualty. A hospital security guard, who pleaded anonymity at the Accident and Emergency ward of the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital, confirmed to PREMIUM TIMES that 26 persons were brought to the hospital on Sunday. \"Some are admitted here in the A and E ward and others have been taken to the Amenity Ward; we are under instructions not to allow visitors into the ward, please,\" said the security guard. The Konduga attack coincided with a similar attack on Ngom village, 5km east of Maiduguri, where about 12 villagers were killed. An operative of the vigilante in Maiduguri tagged Civilian-JTF, Usman Musa, told reporters in Maiduguri that a troop of soldiers and youth vigilante had been deployed to Konduga on Sunday but met a fierce resistance from the heavily armed terrorists. \"We lost four of our members in the Civilian-JTF when they arrived Konduga yesterday, I don't know about the soldiers; but it was a very bad incident yesterday. Some of our members made it back on foot through bush paths this morning,\" Musa said. The Military Joint Task Force, JTF, is yet to speak on the latest Borno Killings while some Nigerians have continued to question the effectiveness of the State of Emergency in Borno and neighbouring Yobe and Adamawa states as the killings by insurgents continue. The Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau, has in a video, claimed the responsibility for the killings in Konduga and earlier ones in Gamboru and others that led to the death of at least 14 soldiers.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}