{"HEADLINE": " Gunmen Kill Eight in Fresh Benue Attack", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130730e97u000cl", "STORY": "by Hope Abah    511 words 30 July 2013 06:18 All Africa AFNWS English Makurdi, Jul 30, 2013 (Daily Trust/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- Unknown gunmen on Sunday killed eight persons in a fresh attack on two villages in Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State. The development is coming barely two weeks after a peace pact was brokered by governments of Benue and Nasarawa States, urging Fulani herders and farmers in the zone to sheath their swords. The lawmaker representing Agatu constituency in the state House of Assembly, Sule Audu, alleged that gunmen suspected to be herdsmen numbering up to 40 invaded two villages at about 11am on Sunday with dangerous weapons to sack the affected communities. \"They killed eight people, set ablaze houses and sacked the entire village. And as I talk to you now, many of my constituents are taking refuge in my house\", he said. Audu said the attackers came through the neighbouring village of Ochichi in Apa Local Government Area instead of using the normal riverine border of Nasarawa State. \"The attack came to us as a surprise because they changed their normal route which is the riverine border of Nasarawa to enter through Ochichi village of Apa that has no water boundary with the affected communities. I believe they changed their tactics because of the recent peace initiative brokered between the two states to keep watch over their areas in order to prevent strangers from using their domains as exit and entry routes for the purpose of perpetrating evil\", Audu added. Immediate past chairman of Agatu local council, Audu Momoh, confirmed that Ochologologwu and Enogaje villages were attacked. Momoh, however, said no lives were lost, but that houses and other items were burnt down. Benue State secretary of the Myetti-Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACABAN), Garus Gololo, denied the allegation that Fulani herders were behind the attack. He said his people were being falsely accused, \"despite the fact that we resisted retaliation of the killings of at least 112 cows by suspected Agatu militias who invaded Agima village situated at the riverine border of Nasarawa State on Saturday\". \"Agatu people killed 112 cows belonging to us on Saturday, but we did not retaliate since relevant authorities are already looking into the issue. Now, as a matter of mischief, they have said that Fulanis attacked them. It is the Agatu soldiers 'patari' headed by one Emmanuel that attacked his own people. I don't know why these people are bent on chasing Fulanis out of this country\", Gololo said. When contacted, the Benue State Police Command said four people were killed in the attack. Police spokesman in the state, Daniel Ezeala, identified the attackers who were over 300 as Fulani cattle breeders and described the incident as, \"unprovoked\". He said due to heavy presence of security men who repelled the attackers through their familiar route, they retreated to enter the village through Apa, a neighbouring local government. Ezeala however added that the situation has been brought under control as more security personnel have been deployed to the areas.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}