{"HEADLINE": " Death Toll in Langtang Killings Rises to 70", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130703e9730009v", "STORY": "by Achor Abimaje    368 words 3 July 2013 03:39 All Africa AFNWS English Jul 03, 2013 (Leadership/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- The death toll after the invasion of Magama, Bolgan and Karkashi villages of Langtang South local government area of Plateau State by suspected Fulani militias has risen to 70. The divisional crime officer (DCO) attached to the area has been declared missing. Penultimate week, a group of hired Fulani mercenaries allegedly stormed the three villages, burnt down houses and killed innocent people including students writing their NECO examination. They disappeared into thin air after committing the atrocity. LEADERSHIP gathered that no fewer than 70 bodies of those killed by the Fulani militias had been recovered while over 7,000 residents, mostly women and children, were displaced and are now seeking refuge at different public schools in the area. A large number of them is at LGEA Pilot Central Primary School, Mabudi. LEADERSHIP investigations also revealed that the DCO attached to Langatang South local government police division, who was out on assignment when the militias struck, has not been seen since then. Addressing the displaced people at the LGEA Pilot Central Primary School at Mabudi, a member of the House of Representatives, representing Langtang North and Langtang South federal constituency of Plateau State, Hon. Beni Lar, said that, apart from over 70 people that were killed, many were still missing. Lar, who described the attack as barbaric, said the militias launched the attack with the intention of wiping out the innocent villagers. The lawmaker added that they were able to carry out the attack because of the vulnerability of the villages. She said, \"From what I gathered, the divisional crime officer is still missing; 7, 000 people displaced while almost 70 people lost their lives.\" She implored the federal government to complete the federal roads in the area to further open up the locality. Lar added that security men were unable to access the villages because of the bad roads and the terrains, which make it difficult for the security operatives to come to the aid of the people in time. She promised that she would sponsor a bill to address incessant clashes, especially invasion by Fulani militias.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}