{"HEADLINE": " Mercenaries Killed, Chopped Off Eggon Genitalia, but Al-Makura Kept Quiet'", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130823e98n000h6", "STORY": "by Hir Joseph    357 words 23 August 2013 05:06 All Africa AFNWS English Lafia, Aug 23, 2013 (Daily Trust/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- The Eggon community of Kadarko in Keana Local Government Area of Nasarawa State, today alleged that assailants murdered nine Eggon people on their farms in two settlements, and chopped off their genitalia, on October 18, 2012. A memo by an Eggon, Comrade James Ali Manzah, and the Eggon community in the area, told the Retired Justice Joseph Fola Gbadeyan-led panel investigating the May 7 murder of security operatives in Alakyo, and other crises in the state, that the state governor, Umaru Tanko Al-Makura refused to act even after he was personally written. \"Our complain is that, immediately the incident occurred, we met as a body and informed the State Government and the security personnel about the the unholy incidence. \"We sincerely wish to state that the government deliberately refused to act on our demand when in fact, they were served with our communique and pictures of the deceased corpses through the Governor personally and directly during his visit to Kwara but till date we have seen no response. \"We felt neglected and dumped when the state has clearly shunned our demand as they failed to intervene even as our people still suffer security challenges in the hands of insurgency suspected to be Fulani mercenaries,\" the memo, taken in absentia, said in part. It was read by the Commission secretary, Abubakar Sadiq Ishaq on the orders of the Commission because the presenters were absent at the proceedings. They had withdrawn their participation from the ongoing proceeding, on grounds that they have no confidence in the Commission. But their withdrawal was overruled by the Commission which insisted that they did not follow due process. The memo said the attack on the Eggon settlements in Kadarko Railway and Angwan Kuje targeted Eggon people, with nine adults killed, alleging that Fulani mercenaries perpetrated it. \"We state with pains that, the incidence left the corpses not only lifeless, but mutilated as the victims' eyes and private parts were all cut off\", the memo added.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}