{"HEADLINE": " Gunmen Kill CMD of Azare Hospital, Distric Head", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130902e99200198", "STORY": "by Ahmed Mohammed    475 words 2 September 2013 10:54 All Africa AFNWS English Bauchi, Sep 02, 2013 (Daily Trust/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- Unidentified gunmen have killed the Chief Medical Director of the Federal Medical Center (FMC) Azare Dr Musa Mohammed Dambam and the district head of Yamai village Alhaji Manu Adamu Yamai in Dambam Local Government Area of Bauchi State. Police spokesman ASP Hassan Mohammed Auyo confirmed the killings to Daily Trust. He said \"last Saturday around 10.30am, some hoodlums, four in number, abducted the Chief Medical Director of the Federal Medical Center Azare from Dambam and took him to the district head house.\" Auyo said the two men were killed after being robbed by the gunmen and fled. The Police have commenced investigation on the incident, he said. A security source told Daily Trust that the hoodlums wore military uniform. The CMD was taken by the gunmen but later found burnt and abandoned in the bush. An official of the Dambam Local Government Area said late Dr Musa Dambam said the evening and night prayers in Dambam, his home town, and took his sister to Bulkachuwa on her way to Hardawa. It was after he left Dambam that four uniformed men stopped him and forced him to take them to Yamai village. The gunmen used Dambam's cell phone to call the district head to confirm if he was at home. Both men were murdered by the gunmen before fleeing. In a separate account, a witness who was in the car with late Dr Dambam, Malama Aishatu Adamu Haruna, told our correspondent \"when they came out from Dambam near one hospital, three people stopped them and collected the car documents and his Identity Card and asked if he is a medical doctor. He answered in the affirmative. They then asked him to enter the back of the car with two other people joining them with the woman they drove to Yamai while three other people followed them on a Motor cycle.\" Malama Aishatu said when they reached Yamai they kept them in one place with late Dr Dambam and later they picked and announced that they were doing the work of God and took him away but left her with one of them. According to her, she later heard gun shots but not until the next morning before she heard people saying, the district head and her brother had been killed. Among dignitaries present the funeral of the deceased included Bauchi State Commissioner of Health Dr Abubakar Sani Malami, Emir of Dass Alhaji Usman Bilyaminu Usman and the senior brother of late Dr Musa Mohammed Dambam who is the Chief Medical Director of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Dr Mohammed Alkali. The Chief Imam of Misau central Mosque led the funeral prayers of the deceased separately in their hometowns of Dambam and Yamai.  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}