{"HEADLINE": " Night of Terror Left 12 Dead in Kitui Village", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130710e97a00119", "STORY": "by Musembi Nzengu    1532 words 10 July 2013 10:43 All Africa AFNWS English Jul 10, 2013 (The Star/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- On Wednesday night, a killer gang descended on a sleepy village in Kitui. By the end of their mission, 12 people had been killed. Our writer MUSEMBI NZENGU visited Nyanyaa and talked to the survivors and affected families \"My life revolved around my two slain children. Were it not for them, I would long have been dead. They were supporting me in all ways. They were the thread on which my life depends. Now that they are gone leaving behind five little orphans under my care, I am disillusioned. I am in a dilemma about what to do considering my advanced age,\" said the elderly Mutuo Mengi after Wednesday's killing of her son Nzomo Mengi and his wife Mutei. \"It will be hard for me to fend for the orphaned kids after the merciless killing of my children,\" said Mutuo whose age relatives put at around 90. Margaret Mwendwa, whose brother-in-law Musyoki Syengo, 50, and his wife Kalio, 45, were also killed said the murder left their entire family in big shock and without a leader. Mwendwa, who is married to matatu driver Mwendwa Syengo - the younger brother of Musyoki - said the family depended on the deceased for counsel and guidance. \"The late Musyoki and his wife were a big and invaluable asset to our family. He was a very sociable person and loved all people. He was always ready to assist and was keen to see everyone progress. Personally he gave me moral and material support ,\" said Mwendwa. Nyanyaa assistant chief Gedion Kimanzi said the killing was beastly. \"In one single sweep and in a space of less than three hours, 12 people lay dead. Not only did the unprovoked and unexpected massacre leave behind a childless widow but eight direct orphans. It left the Muono and Nyanyaa villages - the epicentre of the brutal killings - in profound shock,\" Kimanzi said. Speaking to the Star on Sunday, the administrator said since the killings on the early hours of Thursday morning, Nyanyaa residents are a worried lot. He said villagers no longer spend their nights at home but prefer to hide in the bush. \"Fear is palpable in the entire sub-location despite the fact that police officers were immediately deployed to patrol the area. Most market centres including Nyanyaa and Muono are deserted as early as 5pm as traders retreat to the bush where they spend the night with their families,\" Kimanzi said. Gangsters shook the Nyanyaa village to its core when they descended on the neighbouring Nyanyaa and Muono villages and took the lives of 12 villagers in cold blood. The killings happened between 1am and 5am on Wednesday night. It has since emerged that the ring leader of the killer gang hails from within Nyanyaa sub-location in Muono village. The leader of the gang was by yesterday still on the run after the other five members of his terror squad were cornered and lynched by villagers at Malioni as they tried to flee. Police say the gang leader nicknamed Karunyu is a dangerous criminal and a hardened jailbird. Tension and apprehension was palpable among the Nyanyaa residents during our visit to the area on Sunday. However, determined youth, who were armed with pangas, bows and arrows, were combing the undulating Muono and Endui ridges with the hope of catching up with Karunyu. The youth want to avenge the killing of 12 villagers whom the police in Mwingi have named as prominent businessman at Nyanyaa market Musyoki Syengo and his wife Kalio Musyoki and their two domestic workers Muthuki Masimbu,18, and Thomas, 30. The others killed were Karunyu's elder brother Munyoki Musyoka, 48, and Munyoki's three children - Mwende (16), Ngui (13) and Muimi (8). Munyoki's wife - now a childless widow - survived death by a whisker after she miraculously escaped from the grip of one of the attackes. She is however nursing a machete wound on the right side of her face. Forty-year-old Nzomo Mengi from Muono village, who ran a retail shop at Nyanyaa, and his wife Mutei, 30, were also murdered by the gangsters. They left behind five children now under the care of their ageing grandmother Mutuo. A 50-year-old herder Kiilu Ngutu whom the gangsters found at Muono hills and 16-year-old Kioko Mutua, who was a student at Ndithi Hills Secondary School, were also hacked to death. However, many Nyanyaa residents are unable to come to terms with the killings. \"I have been carrying out retail and cereal business here (Nyanyaa) for the last three years but we have not experienced an attack of such magnitude. Robbing and killing had never happened before,\" said 41-year-old businessman David Mwova. Mwova, a close friend of the murdered Musyoki, said it was inexplicable why the robbers took lives after robbing him. \"I do not know why they had to kill Mayor (as Musyoki was popularly known). He was such a good man and harboured no grudge,\" said Mwova. Loli Syengo, who is the Nyanyaa village elder, says he was shocked by the macabre killing. \"I have not heard, in this area, a case like this one. Ordinary robbers are not known to kill everybody including children during raids. It is even more perplexing that the ring leader is a man from this area. How could he have allowed such heartless mayhem?\" he posed. However, Margaret Mwendwa believes that his brother-in-law Musyoki, his wife and workers were killed after they recognised their attackers. \"I cannot say with certainty because I was not there but the oblivious conclusion is that the robbers could have resorted to killing after their victims recognised them. It was a case of a robbery gone awry because my brother-in-law's family was not known to hold a grudge with anyone,\" she said. But Mutuo believes that the gang that killed his son and caused mayhem across Nyanyaa sub-location was a hit squad. She said her deceased son had serious differences with Karunyu, who masterminded his killing. \"Karunyu's father is my younger brother. I am thus a maternal aunt to Karunyu and my son was effectively his cousin. Since the two have been neighbours, Karunyu once blocked the path to Nzomo's home and the chief had to intervene to settle the matter,\" explained Mutuo. Mutuo said the differences between the two did not end there and recently when Nzomo's cattle encroached into Karunyu's farm, he demanded that he be paid Sh4,000 to which Nzomo declined. \"At that point Karunyu told Nzomo that he would pay with his blood. Nothing else happened until they came to kill him and his wife last Wednesday,\" said Mutuo. Assistant chief Kimanzi said Karunyu's gang could have taken the life of his brother and his three children because he had apparently betrayed Karunyu and his criminal gang to which he was hitherto a member. \"In the late 1990s and early 2000s, Karunyu and his elder brother Munyoki were members of a notorious gang that terrorised people across the country. At some point the gang members were scattered with some being killed by police while others were jailed,\" said the assistant chief. He said that Karunyu and his brother had variously been arrested and jailed. He added that when Munyoki was released from jail leaving Karunyu behind bars he decided to reform and converted to Christianity. \"Karunyu was released from jail in November last year to find his brother had reformed. In fact a week before the Karunyu gang struck and killed him, Munyoki had joined the Kavonokya sect. Besides, Karunyu had complained that Munyoki was not willing to give him a share of the family land,\" he explained. Kimanzi appeared to corroborate the information by Mutuo that Karunyu, who he described as a notorious criminal and jail bird, was a sworn enemy of his cousin, Nzomo. He said Karunyu was apparently not amused that Nzomo's business was doing relatively well. \"I know Karunyu as a very dangerous man. He had on a number of occasions previously told me that he would kill and among his targets would be Nzomo. The matter was even taken up by police but they were allowed to resolve it out of court because they were relatives,\" said Kimanzi. The administrator added that Karunyu was a ruthless man who had even threatened to decapitate him at a time, in the 1990s - Karunyu was the leader of a local gang of six criminals from Muono. \"He told me to my face that he would behead me and make a feast for his group. I spent time in fear and in hiding,\" the assistant chief said. Village elder Loli Syengo said Karunyu started his criminal ways as a young man after dropping out in standard three. \"He used to steal neighbours goats and made a meal of them in the bush. He was later to graduate to a hardcore criminal who terrorised many parts of the country and ended up in jail.\"  ", "AGENCY": "KEN"}