{"HEADLINE": " Over 100 Killed In Tribal Clashes in Sudan", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130813e98d0013l", "STORY": "by Kimeng Hilton Ndukong With Press Reports    320 words 13 August 2013 10:08 All Africa AFNWS English Aug 13, 2013 (Cameroon Tribune/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- Over 100 people have been killed since Friday, August 9, 2013 in the eastern part of Sudan's strife-torn Darfur region in clashes between two Arab tribes over land, Reuters news agency reported on August 11, 2013. Tribal sources said thousands of members of the Rezeigat tribe attacked their Maaliya rivals in a bid to seize territory. A source said battles continued on Sunday in the Adila area of southeastern Darfur. A Maaliya resident confirmed fighting south of Adila, and a doctor in Nyala city to the west told AFP news agency that some wounded Maaliya people were taken there for treatment. They were however not able to give casualty figures for Sunday's fighting, but tribal sources said dozens died on Saturday. A Rezeigat source claimed 70 Maaliya people were killed in the skirmishes while they lost 30. Both tribes said fighters used Land Cruiser vehicles, while the Maaliya accused their opponents of employing \"heavy weapons.\" Prior to the outbreak of the recent fighting, there was tension between the Rezeigat and Maaliya for days. Their tribal councils had appealed for peaceful resolution of the land dispute, the state-linked Sudanese Media Centre reported last week. Before this year's surge of violence, there were already 1.4 million people displaced by the conflict in Darfur. Tribal disputes have been driven by conflict over resources including land, water and mineral rights. The battles reflect the altered dynamics of a decade-old conflict in which, observers say, the government can no longer control its Janjaweed former Arab tribal allies. Non-Arabs in Darfur began a rebellion 10 years ago against what they saw as the domination of Sudan's power and wealth by Arab elite. In response, the government-backed Janjaweed militia attacked them.  ", "AGENCY": "SDN"}