{"HEADLINE": " Tribal Clashes Claim 10 More Lives in Central Darfur", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130727e97r00001", "STORY": "322 words 27 July 2013 02:00 All Africa AFNWS English Garsila, Jul 27, 2013 (Radio Dabanga/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- The resurgence of violence between the Salamat and Misseriya tribes in Central Darfur, claimed another 10 lives in Central Darfur on Thursday, in spite of relative calm within the city of Garsila, where the current round of clashes broke out. As reported previously by Radio Dabanga, the violence was sparked when, according to witnesses, the merchant Yaqoub Abubakar, a member of the Salamat tribe, was killed - allegedly by Misseriya tribesmen - in his shop at Garsila market on Monday. Subsequently, a presence of Sudanese Armed Forces in Garsila have kept the warring tribes out of the city itself, but witnesses say that cashes continued outside the city throughout Thursday. Reports reaching Radio Dabanga say that 10 people were killed and one injured during hostilities near to Umm Dukhun on Thursday afternoon. The situation is reportedly tense in the entire state, and precautionary measures have been enforced in the state capital Zalingei, where an arms ban is being imposed after a clash in the city's Wadi Saleh neighbourhood. One person died and another was injured on Thursday when militiamen driving motorcycles opened fire on three commercial vehicles near Marlenga on the road to Umm Dukhun at around 6pm. According to witnesses, Mohammed Abdullah Zakaria died and Mohammed Ibrahim Said was injured. The perpetrators the reportedly fled eastwards without attacking the passengers or attempting to pillage the vehicles. The displaced in the camps in the city of Garsila have expressed anxiety at the deteriorating security situation. One of the sheiks of the camps told Radio Dabanga that the build-up of pro-government militias near the city is cause for the displaced to fear attacks. \"This has resulted in some displaced persons fleeing the camps,\" the sheikh said He appealed to Unamid to carry out patrols around the camps to protect the displaced.  ", "AGENCY": "SDN"}