{"HEADLINE": " Six Killed As Blasts, Gunfire Hit Kano", "DOCUMENT": "AFNWS00020130730e97u0009h", "STORY": "by Isa Saidu and Nazifi Dawud Khalid    372 words 30 July 2013 05:32 All Africa AFNWS English Kano, Jul 30, 2013 (Daily Trust/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX) -- Six people were killed and six others injured in Kano last night when explosives went off at a relaxation spot in the Sabon Gari area, state police commissioner Musa Daura said. The explosions were followed by gunshots, Daura said, according to a news alert sent by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). Witnesses told Daily Trust that many people were believed to be hurt after four explosions targeted a church and a number of drinking joints in two congested parts of Sabon Gari. A witness who spoke to our reporter by telephone said he drove past the area shortly before the explosions went off, adding that he saw some injured victims being carried away by rescuers. Daily Trust learnt that the impact of the explosion also shook many adjoining neighbourhoods and interrupted Muslims prayers in nearby mosques. Another witness at New Road told our reporter that the explosions in the area occurred when a Mercedes Benz car parked close to a church detonated and caught fire, adding that he saw soldiers at the scene and a number of injured people being assisted. It was learnt that some casualties whose limbs were severed as a result of the explosions were seen at Enugu Road, the second scene of the attack. Channels Television website quoted witness Tobias Idika as saying: \"for now I can see over 20 people dead while many are injured... right now they are evacuating the victims.\" When our reporter contacted Captain Ikedichi Iweha, the spokesman for the Joint Task Force (JTF) in the state, he said he did not have enough details because soldiers drafted to the scenes of the attack had not returned. Also, spokesman for the state Police Command ASP Magaji Musa Majiya said he did not have enough details but added that the police commissioner and an assistant Inspector General of Police had already visited the scene to assess the situation. This is the first such incident in Kano since March when a suicide bomber attacked a bus station, killing at least 20 people according to the official death toll. NAN  ", "AGENCY": "NGA"}